database: final docs + cleanup (#117)
Cuprate/cuprate: database/README.md

Note that `lib.rs/mod.rs` files are purely for re-exporting/visibility/lints, and contain no code. Each sub-directory has a corresponding `mod.rs`.

### 2.1 `src/`
The top-level `src/` files.

| File                   | Purpose |
|------------------------|---------|
| `constants.rs`         | General constants used throughout `cuprate-database`
| `database.rs`          | Abstracted database; `trait DatabaseR{o,w}`
| `env.rs`               | Abstracted database environment; `trait Env`
| `error.rs`             | Database error types
| `free.rs`              | General free functions (related to the database)
| `key.rs`               | Abstracted database keys; `trait Key`
| `resize.rs`            | Database resizing algorithms
| `storable.rs`          | Data (de)serialization; `trait Storable`
| `table.rs`             | Database table abstraction; `trait Table`
| `tables.rs`            | All the table definitions used by `cuprate-database`
| `tests.rs`             | Utilities for `cuprate_database` testing
| `transaction.rs`       | Database transaction abstraction; `trait TxR{o,w}`
| `types.rs`             | Database-specific types

> | `unsafe_unsendable.rs` | Marker type for `Send` objects not proveable to the compiler

Reviewer: They aren't actually `Send`.

 ```suggestion
| `unsafe_unsendable.rs` | Marker type to impl `Send` for objects not `Send` 
```
